Mention `unit-test` in MIR opt test README (#100314)
rust-lang/rust: src/test/mir-opt/README.md

to your test, causing separate files to be generated for 32bit and 64bit systems.

## Unit testing

> If you are only testing the behavior of your pass on some specific input (as is usually the case),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are only testing the behavior of a particular mir-opt pass on some specific input (as is usually the case),
```
